Apply linting rules to Prometheus topics (#2792)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.receive_http.md

## Exported fields

`prometheus.receive_http` doesn't export any fields.

## Component health

`prometheus.receive_http` is reported as unhealthy if it's given an invalid configuration.

## Debug metrics

The following are some of the metrics that are exposed when this component is used.
The metrics include labels such as `status_code` where relevant, which can be used to measure request success rates.

* `prometheus_fanout_latency` (histogram): Write latency for sending metrics to other components.
* `prometheus_forwarded_samples_total` (counter): Total number of samples sent to downstream components.
* `prometheus_receive_http_request_duration_seconds` (histogram): Time (in seconds) spent serving HTTP requests.
* `prometheus_receive_http_request_message_bytes` (histogram): Size (in bytes) of messages received in the request.
* `prometheus_receive_http_response_message_bytes` (histogram): Size (in bytes) of messages sent in response.
* `prometheus_receive_http_tcp_connections` (gauge): Current number of accepted TCP connections.

## Example

### Receive metrics over HTTP

> The following example creates a `prometheus.receive_http` component which starts an HTTP server listening on `0.0.0.0` and port `9999`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a `prometheus.receive_http` component which starts an HTTP server listening on port `9999` on all network interfaces.
```
